Objective: Install Elastic Agent on Windows Server and Enroll the Windows Server into a Fleet.

Create Server in Vultr for a new Fleet Server

Go to public url for Elastic Cloud, Then add a fleet server in management tab. Port of fleet server is 8220 by default. Quickstart, Input the host url of the Fleetserver, using public IP.

Generate fleet server policy, then Install Fleet server to a centralized host. Before doing this, update your Firewall group settings. 
Take the public IP address of the fleet server - allow everything, custom, and input fleet server IP.

modify firewall rule on ELK server - ufw allow 9200 (port for elastic search)

Run group policy, which will install elastic agent and enroll.

RECAP - Noticed firewall rule was restrictive. Public ip was allowed to access elk server, but fleek server needs to access elastic search - elastic listens on port 9200. 
Need to modify rule to allow fleet server to communicate with elk server. Then modify vm fireall to aow incoming connections to 9200. Now we can enroll fleet server. 


Now we can install elastic agents on windows server - monitor windows host, create windows policy. Back to windows server host, and in powershell we will input the policy. 
Elastic agent is installed but we get an error - failed for unknown reason. We can ping fleet server just fine. Port is open - check on default port assignments in elastic. There is no firewall in front of fleet server.
We modify the firewall of the fleet server to allow port 8220. ufw allow 8220. 

Please try again on the Windows server to run the policy. We get an error message: The agent is attempting to enroll on port 443. We allow port 445 on the fleet server.

I still get a failure: I fail to enroll and execute the request. The target machine refuses connection. 

We can't enroll our agent into our fleet server because in elastic web GUI, in management we go to settings - The Fleet server uses port 443 but the default port is 8220. So we change the port in the fleet settings,
then modify the url to remove 443 and input 8220. We fail to enroll again because of unknown certificate authority. Add --insecure to end of windows policy. 

In advanced fleet server creation, we can create our own certificate authority (level effect has a great resource on this).

We succeed! We start capturing logs, including failed login attempts!!!

Next, we do Sysmon log setup!
